# CS-305

  Artemis Financial is a globally available financial consulting company that creates financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. The client has requested modifications to their application to enable secure communication and storage of data.
  Identifying and securing each of the different areas of vulnerability in their application was difficult, but I think I managed to do it well without adding additional vulnerabilities. Coding securely is extremely important. Ensuring that the code is secure as it is being developed reduces the amount of recoding or possibly redesigning of the system at later stages in the development process. This could cause a complete failure of the project if too much is not caught early enough.
  For the client, having a secure application creates trust between them and their own clients. A vulnerability in their application could cause data breaches, denial of service, or theft of money. The occurance of any of these could result in fines, lawsuits, loss of trust, or loss of monetary assets. For the developing company, creating a secure application increases the chances for future work and maintianing their own client base by retaining their trust.
  I found trying to define possible vulnerabilities under a specific heading on the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram to be be difficult without ever working with it before. I also was challenged by looking through code for possible vulnerabilities that I haven't been exposed to before. I did find the code analysis for vulnerabilites to be helpful for understanding how my future code should be written to avoid those vulnerabilities.
  In working toward adding additional layers of security, I looked to the specifications that the user provided and ensured that at a minimum the code covered those requirements. Learning about automated dependency checks will allow me to use that information in future projects to ensure that I am not introducing added vulnerabilities through outside code. Looking for areas to increase input validation, decrease options for excessive request processing, and limit information available in error messages will help reduce the number of vulnerabilities in future projects.
  I used the web interface that was created in the project to ensure that the code worked as expected. The checksum verification was printed through the RESTful API interface. The use of the certificate for a secure HTTPS connection was checked by ensuring the browser accepted the site as secure. After changes made to the code, a secondary automated dependency check was performed to ensure that no new dependency vulnerabilities were introduced.
  The Java keytool was helpful in creating the certificate for the SSL connection. It is important to remember that the Subject Alternative Name was necessary to allow a connection to the localhost to be considered secure in modern web browsers. The OWASP Dependency-Check-Maven Plug-in was extremely useful in determining which included APIs had security vulnerabilities present. The Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures and National Vulnerability Database websites were also very helpful in determining how serious any vulnerabilities were and finding mitigation plans for each.
  From this project, I think that the ability to modify a RESTful application to enable HTTPS communication would be a useful tool to share with future employers. The experience using the Maven dependency check and hashing ciphers would also be something to highlight.
